gluon-core: add support for configuring the beacon interval (#2028)
freifunk-gluon/gluon: docs/user/site.rst

wifi24 \: optional
    WLAN configuration for 2.4 GHz devices.
    ``channel`` must be set to a valid wireless channel for your radio.
    ``beacon_interval`` can be specified to set a custom beacon interval in
    time units (TU). A time unit is equivalent to 1024 microseconds.

>     If not set, the default value of 100 TU (=102.4 ms) is used.

Reviewer: @blocktrron  sorry i'm late, but writing ms as milliseconds would have been better to differentiate from the microseconds, no?

Reviewer 2: I'd rather replace microseconds with µs if we want to go there.

Reviewer: hm, ok, both better than currently

Reviewer 2: Fixed in 97e5434b3267ec48953d16fb92de084da116f1c9.

wifi24 \: optional
    WLAN configuration for 2.4 GHz devices.
    ``channel`` must be set to a valid wireless channel for your radio.
    ``beacon_interval`` can be specified to set a custom beacon interval in

>     milliseconds. If this is not set, the default value of 100 ms is used.

Reviewer 2: Pretty sure this is wrong. It's not milliseconds, but time units. Let me check hostapd.sh.

Reviewer 3: I just had a look at what LuCI does, and it has a very simple solution: The field is just called "Beacon Interval", without any explanation of units...

>     milliseconds. If this is not set, the default value of 100 ms is used.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    time units (TU). A time unit is equivalent to 1024 microseconds. If not set, the default value of 100 TU (=102.4 ms) is used.
```
